1. URL EXCEPTION REQUEST

Scan site in virustotal and hybridanalysis
reply with template resolved We have checked the mentioned URL and it is safe to use.
check certificate in virustotal.
change status to resolved and send

2.DLP category
   scan url select update response.and put in notes scanned result.dont close tkt and forward to IND support
3. Software Installation  

   open site and download exe and scan file in virus total and reply in notes post note and then transfer to IND support team
4.Phising 

  We check this email and it looks like marketing spam, so you can move to the spam.- Resolved

We have checked the mail, and it seems like Phishing. Please report the mail as spam.

We will recommend you avoid any interaction with suspicious mail, and also avoid clicking any URLs or attachments.

 
5.SIA 
     reply in notes and after finishing transfer to INDsupport team
6.We have observed that some of our members have been receiving some fake messages from the higher management desk stating some official transactions or some work completion statements. Please immediately block and report them.


Urjit Trivedi,
We have resolved request(s) reported by you and here are a few high-level step(s) we did for your attention -
After investigating the reported email timeline and URL clicked timestamp, we have found that there was an issue with our vendor in reporting such clicks.
We have escalated the issue with our vendor in the meantime, kindly ignore the "Email phishing awareness" training email.
We have resolved request(s) reported by you and here are a few high-level step(s) we did for your attention -


As per our security best practices, we recommended you to complete "E-mail phishing awareness 2022". Please complete the training before the end of campaign

We have checked this email and it looks like phishing mail so can be marked as phishing



\\mtfp02\workpod\installer


We are verifying the patch and will let you know once confirmed.
We have cross-checked the patch for the vulnerability on the analytics search. The patch is working as expected and the vulnerability is not exploitable.


Hello team,
﻿After investigating the reported email timeline and URL clicked timestamp, we have found that there was an issue with our vendor in reporting such clicks.
We have escalated the issue with our vendor in the meantime, kindly ignore the "Email phishing awareness" training email.



Please disregard the Dixita email, after investigating we found that you did click on one of our phishing emails, and no such emails were reported to IS Team as well.
That's why we recommend you complete the training.

Please find the evidence of the click :
Here is the time stamp of when the email was sent to you and when you clicked on it

Thank you for reporting this. We were conducting an internal phishing campaign for phishing awareness assessment and we have found that you have clicked on the phishing link, we request you to kindly be more cautious next time.